Welcome to Fake News Thursday. Every thursday i will post 6 humourous fake headlines for you to read.
## Mojang praised for fixing chat moderation system in Minecraft
Mojang has been praised by many for fixing the severely broken chat moderation system in both Bedrock and Java editions of the game. Jens Bergenstein, the lead developer of the Java edition, states, "We are so sorry that the people playing the game experienced what they did and we have sworn from this day on that we will never make a single mistake again."
## Post Malone provides hints of a possible new album on twitter
In the past week, Post Malone has made cryptic tweets which when studied by certified cryptologists revealed various names of songs that he was supposedly working on. Some of these included "Post Bologna", "Stop filming me", and "Im begging you". All three of those have been confirmed by Post Malone himself to be songs, so it seems like a new musical venture is on it's way.
## Fake newsletter is called out for being fake and unoriginal
The public is upset by the fact that one of the least popular American newsletters was proven to be fake recently. The CEO of the newsletter says, "Don't judge a newsletter by it's cover." Some have brought up the possibility of legal action, but many have concluded that the court would probably ignore this scandalous event.
## Santa Claus arrested on 31 accounts of mass arson
News was brought to the public attention last week on July 15th that Santa Claus had been arrested by the Norwegian police with 31 charges of mass arson. During his trial, he testified, "I didn't do anything. It was that idiot, Jack Frost, and his evil sidekick, The Grinch who did this." However, during the investigation, 19 out of a 50 stick pack of dynamite was discovered in Santa's sleigh, pretty much proving his that he was the responsible arsonist. He later claimed that he "had no idea that some of the dynamite was lit and falling out of the back of the sleigh."
## The Man caught stealing from upstairs
The man was recently caught for stealing large amounts of blank paper and Portugal from upstairs. When asked why, he simply answered, "Paint me that river, and could you only use blues?" No one has been able to properly understand this strange and cryptic comment yet, and until further notice, The Man has been released from jail.
## Peppa Pig under fire for taking steps
Peppa pig has been under fire recently for taking a step. Peppa states, "it was for a good cause," but the people seem to disagree. It was stated later on by Daddy Pig that Peppa Pig will be holding a press conference outside of the museum on July 22nd.
