Welcome to this edition of Fake News Thursday! We have updates on the issues regarding Peppa Pig, the Jandy bridge collapsing, and so much more!
# The old Jandy bridge has collapsed
The old Jandy bridge has unfortunately collapsed recently. Many from SwellView are saddened by this, however, they have been relieved to know that the bridge will be rebuilt in the span of a few months. Although the reason for it’s collapse is widely believed to be simple structural issues, Kid Danger and Captain Man think different.
# Daddy Pig's press conference has been held
Daddy Pig held a press conference on July 22nd to address the recent controversies that Peppa Pig has been involved in, including the July 13th Windy Castle riots, in which the entirety of The Playgroup managed to seize control of Windy Castle and the local Windy Castle Area. Grandpa Pig, the former CEO of Pig Media, also made an appearance and stated that Peppa Pig would not be attending the conference. Suspicion has been raised by the fact that Peppa Pig has been seen on the show for awhile. Meanwhile, an investigation has been put in motion revolving around the shady business practices that Pig Media have been utilizing.
# Dora the Explorer spotted drinking at the Longhorn Saloon and Grill
Dora the Explorer was recently found drinking at the Longhorn Saloon and Grill in Washington State. When asked about this, she simply replied, "Hey kid, it happens to us all." Although rumors were passed around that this was illegal by age, this was disregarded by the mention of the already in-place Animated Television Character Drinking Act of 1954 which states that all animated television characters are allowed to drink in all scenarios.
# Rumors of The Lego Movie 3 being passed around
There have been recent rumors of a possible Lego Movie 3. The rumors involve a storyline involving the man upstairs passing away and no longer having reigning control over the city. It is unknown if the rumors are true, and the writers of the first two movies have nothing to say about this yet.
# Santa Claus discovered to be running a portal scheme
It was recently discovered that Santa Claus has been running a portal scheme at the North Pole, allowing different cartoon universes to connect. Mickey Mouse testified that he used this portal scheme to give Winnie the Pooh his shirt. Santa Claus claimed, "Those sneaky elves, always doing things outside of my control, heh! Did I mention that Jack Frost and The Grinch were probably... err... definitely involved with this?!" An investigation has been opened to see if Santa Claus has a portal license. If so, then it will most likely be suspended for multiple months. If not, however, then Santa could be facing hefty fines from the World Portal Administration.
# LOCAL: Man shot dead in apartment
A man was recently found to be shot dead in his apartment. His suspected shooter, Jim Liketo Walkins, stated, "He wanted me to prove that he was dead, so I did. Unfortunately, he never actual saw the results, which is kind of a shame really." Jim is awaiting trial in the Ohio county courthouse. However, the suggestion to take this case to the Chicago state courthouse has been passed around. Some have even suggested that this case be taken to The Super Duper Court. The man who was shot later recovered from his injuries, and you can expect an interview from him next week.
