The results for the Bulwer-Lytton Fiction Contest have finally arrived! In fact, I am a bit late to the party, as the results I believe were released a couple of weeks ago. Nevertheless, I took some time yesterday morning to read EVERY sentence that ended up on the 2023 page, and I picked out some of my favorites to share.

## What is the Bulwer-Lytton Fiction Contest?
The Bulwer-Lytton Fiction Contest is a contest that occurs annually in which participants enter in the worst possible introductory sentences to stories that they can write. Many people from across America and the world participate every year, including myself (although it is worth mentioning that none of my two entries made it to the 2023 page). To read more about the winners of previous contests, you can check out <a href="https://www.bulwer-lytton.com/winners">this page</a>.

## My Favorites
Below are listed my favorites from a few sections of the 2023 winners and (dis)honorable mentions.

## From Children's Literature and Young Adult
Having attended Oktoberfest, taken in the beautiful foliage of New England, gone apple-picking, roamed through a corn maze, and visited a pumpkin patch, one thing was for certain-Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
(from Mark Meiches, Dallas, Texas)

## From Fantasy and Horror
Draxyl's breathing quickened-finally, in his hands he held the Sacred Jewel of Grondor, the key to the legendary Chamber of Secrets, the icon that so many had died for, and the perfect gift to win the heart of his beloved; the question now was how to fit all those things into his pockets without the shopkeeper noticing.
(from Dave Agans, Wilton, New Hampshire)

The townsfolk were approaching the castle holding flaming sticks ready to express their displeasure with the monster that the scientist within had supposedly created from various cemeteries in the area, and as the crowd got within sight of the castle, bloodcurdling screams filled the night because the flaming sticks they carried were too short and the flames were now burning their hands.
(from Randy Blanton, Murfreesboro, Tennessee)

## From Historical Fiction
Buford The Bold was the last descendant of the proud Bold family and was particularly proud of how he chose to keep “The,” his father’s middle name.
(from Marc Luban, Chicago, Illinois)

Sitting on the saloon stool, Cody quickly downed some liquid courage before reading what he thought would be grim news about his brother at the Battle of Shiloh, but the telegram turned out to be from that mysterious company who kept offering to extend his horse warranty.
(from Douglas Purdy, Roseville, California)

## From Romance
They had gone through fire and ice to be together, but the general mood of the wedding would have been improved if he wasn't suffering from second-degree burns and she hadn't lost several toes to frostbite.
(from Eliza Frost, Bellingham, Washington)

## From Odious Outliers
There’s not much demand for ventriloquism these days, but to visit the zoo and watch the reaction when some hayseed calls out “See you later, alligator” and hears the response “I’ll eat you at noon, you hairless baboon” makes all those hours of practice worth it.
(from Randall Card, Bellingham, Washington (coincidence?))

"If I've told you once, I've told you a single time," Garrick the Literal instructed his pupil, "sticks and stones, may break your bones, but words will never hurt you unless they are written on the sticks and stones."
(from Ryan Hanaway, Dearborn, Michigan)

The lazy summer afternoon slowly turned to evening, and no one at the Stillforest Town Potluck took note when he picked up the first one, nor the next one or the one after that, but for weeks folks in the sleepy community would excitedly talk about nothing else but the time they saw Hank McGillie carry seven folding chairs at once.
(from Al Sweigart, Houston, Texas)

## From My Own
As I previously mentioned, I wrote two entries for the contest myself, although they didn't end up on the winners page for this year. Nevertheless, here they are, along with a couple of previous unused candidates.

1. It is cold frost night in the backdoor of my mind, and three young woman as old as time itself had been arrived at the house of the homeless man, a 3 million dollar mansion infested with ravens and long dead microorganisms.

2. It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell behind me; except at occasional intervals, when I turned around (for it is in the bathroom that our scene lies), and I had yet to realize what I wasn't getting into.

3. It was a dark and stormy London night; the rain did not fall, for I was not in London that night.

4. Somewhere, beyond The Oceans I Could Describe if I Could, I would've described the oceans if I could've.