Welcome to this installment of Porridge. I apologize for the lack of entries recently, as I was recooperating from a family trip which consisted of multiple in-between road trips. Nevertheless, this entry documents the history of hedgewogs in The Mainland.

## The Westerly Isles
The world of Amala consists of two main sections, and although they shall both receive their own entires, I shall describe them briefly here. The first consists of The Mainland, a relatively large land mass in the middle of the ocean. The second consists of The Westerly Isles, which are relatively small in comparison.

However, despite their small size, it is theorized that much life that can be found on The Mainland originated from The Westerly Isles, with some of this being confirmed. As an example, it is believed that the elves that now inhabit The Mainland came from the west, and that men were there for much longer.

Although most everything regarding migration is simply belief and unproven, it is known that one hundred years after The Great Blizzards, a mass number of ships sailed from The Westerly Isles and to The Mainland, boarded by intellegent creatures like the bog dog and the hedgewogs.

## The Hedgewogs
The hedgewogs in particular are of our interest today, for they quickly became known as brave adventurers and daring fighters, in which their small size came in handy. However, for awhile, they were known for staying in one place, The Bog of Wog, which is also where they received their name. While they lived in the bog, they stayed with the bog dog, and the bog owls. At night, in the bog, wogs, which were like very vicious and dangerous hogs, came out at night. As such, the bog dog and the hedgewogs helped to protect the native bog owls. However, although the hedgewogs decided to head east after close to 200 years in the bog, the bog dog stayed behind to continue to protect it.

The hedgewogs, as previously described, originated from The Westerly Isles. While there, they were among the three main species that ruled the islands, the others being the elves and the golden receivers, the latter of which the bog dog was related to. With their fast legs, their skill for digging, and their good sense of hearing, they served as useful allies for protecting The Westerly Isles from intruders, and helping to regulate any boat traffic.

## Fui the Hedgewog
Of the hedgewogs of the east, Fui was the most notable. After the hedgewogs moved east into The Bog of Wog, Fui successfully befriended the men of the town by lake Casaran nearby. This proved to be important, as the men of the lake would help them in many battles against their enemies, the elves of Elventown on the other side. He was an excellent battle strategist, and he was well known for upholding any deals made with friends and allies. As well, he became very well known in the surrounding area.

## The Staff of Fui
Fui had crafted a powerful staff in the early years of his life, which he used throughout his life in battle, and took everywhere with him. In fact, this influenced a lot of later wizards and magicians to switch from wands to staffs, even though it was more of a stylistic difference than anything. It is important to note as well that many of the magicians of the west continued to use wands nonetheless.

Towards the end of his life, Fui donated his wand to the magical artifacts room of Castle Alcot in the capitol city of Alcot. There it stayed for nearly 200 years, until the wizard Verdan found it and returned it to the heir of Fui, Dui. By then, the hedgewogs had moved once again to The Woods Farther North, and they had become enemies with the deer people of Doe Town. And when the deer people waged war on the hedgewogs, the staff became quite useful again, along with the help of Verdan and his friends.