Welcome to Porridge. This entry describes The Red Elves.

## The Red Elves
The Red Elves were a strange group of elves most often seen around the intersection of the northern rivers, where the Alteran river and the north Vialherst river met. They were called The Red Elves for their dark red cloaks that they often wore, and they were always seen together. They were observed from an approximate range of 300 years to 600 years after The Great Blizzards, and afterwards, they were never spotted again.

The first known sighting of The Red Elves happened in 314 GB (314 years after The Great Blizzards) and was told of by an unnamed elf. This elf recalled being lost in the woods in snowy winter, and then seeing four elves, two men and two women, wearing dark red cloaks. As he followed the elves, they moved forward and away from him, until they disappeared into the forest, revealing that they had led him back to the village of which he lived in.

The last known sighting of The Red Elves happened anywhere from 596 to 603 GB during winter, in which a noble elf from the Esrevi capitol of Esras saw The Red Elves running beside the Vialherst river. Like the first sighting and most other sightings, there appeared to be four elves, two men and two women, and they appeared to be wearing red cloaks.

One peculiar series of sightings occurred in 500 GB around the end of November when the cold began to set in Esras. During this time, The Red Elves would often be seen camping about the outside of the city walls at night, setting up tents and fires. One elf reported of having seen some of their faces, describing them as content, yet sorrowful.

Beyond what the scarce sightings of The Red Elves had to offer, nothing much else was uncovered about them. Indeed, the only other knowledge of their past whereabouts were occasional messages carved into trees at locations that they were seen around. One of the most common messages seen was, “We, the ones with the red garments, were here,” and only a few other messages were recorded.

Many theorized of how The Red Elves came to be, and how they disappeared. Some said they were the forgotten stone keepers of the north east, now traveling northern fields and disguising themselves as elves. Others said they were ancient immortal elves from The Old Ages. However, most dared not to question it, for they knew no answer would ever have come.

And, to end, there were many sightings of people before The Red Elves were identified, which could have been them, but there was never enough to prove any of it. And so, in conclusion, The Red Elves stayed a mystery to most everyone.

However, although I say it stayed a mystery to most everyone, one person may have known much more than anyone. For, kept charily in the northernmost tower of the north, he claimed to have a document containing many pages worth of information about The Red Elves. Although this would’ve been the answer everyone had looked for, unfortunately, the northernmost tower of the north had long been lost and forgotten by this time, and it was concluded that he was likely making it up... likely.

Although an answer was likely never found as to whom The Red Elves were, their presence was always a good sign. Often, they lead the lost back home, and they protected people from dangers they wouldn’t have ever known of. Even after their disappearance, The Red Elves were still honored by the elves of Esrevi. Every year since 467 GB, citizens of Esras rode north to lay flowers at the intersection of the Alteran and Vialherst rivers, a place where many thought they came, and many more thought they went.

## News
There is now a map for Amala, which can be viewed <a href="https://fanfavoritessofar.com/blog/archive/porridge.html">here</a>. Also, I feel my mental stability would decrease if I continued to keep this series weekly, so I am changing it to bimonthly/every two weeks.