## Farmer Joe to start cow clothing business
Farmer Joe announced in an interview last week that he was starting a cow clothing business. "It's going to be an extravaganza," Farmer stated. Farmer has put on his official website (www.farmer.joe) on that his clothing business will go active online on the 26th of August. In the meantime, the entire first run clothing line has been shown in order to build hype.
## Pig Union (PU) formed in The Windy Castle Area
Peppa Pig and the play group have officially formed a union within The Windy Castle Area. After taking over control over the area during the July 13th riots, the idea was passed forth by the Pig family during the July 22nd press conference, but never fully realized until August 1st, when the union was formed. Peppa Pig still has yet to be seen by the public eye, but Daddy Pig confirmed that Peppa has been planning to show at the Pig Union election for a public speech.
## Spotify signs agreement all ads on Spotify Free
Spotify has just signed an agreement to remove all ads on Spotify Free. The CEO of Spotify, Ayehateyu Somuche, explained, "We are doing this because we love our customers so much. Don't listen to our CFO, Barrymore Barrison. Sure, we have him locked up in the basement. Sure we don't actually take his advice despite 'Financial' being in his company title. Sure, we commited bank fraud to avoid bankruptcy. The point is that we love you all so much that we wanted to give this wonderful opportunity to you." Spotify seems to show no remorse for locking their chief financial officer in the basement of their primary headquarters, which has prompted the FBI to open an investigation into this.
## BREAKING: Dora the Explorer arrested for selling illegal drugs to US customers
In suspicion that Dora the Explorer was part of the drug cartel known as Dora's Explorahs, she was arrested earlier this morning while on her month-long business trip from her homeland of Peru to the United States. Dora is awaiting trial along with three other cartel members, the names of the members are unknown. Diego, a previous cartel member who was freed from jail in 2018, will appear as the prosecution's primary witness, as his time in the cartel and Dora's have been confirmed to have overlapped.
## Bob the Tomato wishes he could dance
Bob the Tomato has been under public outcry recently for saying on Twitter, "I wish I could dance, strong and sweet like the cucumber. But I can't." His followers were maddened by this, arguing that Larry the Cucumber, who is believed to be the cucumber referenced, has justification to be better at dancing than Bob. Bob has yet to respond to this specifically, although he has addressed other controversies of his in the past, and we believe that in due time he will address this one as well.
## The Minions invade The Empire State Building
It has been brought to our attention that The Minions had invaded The Empire State Building on August 2nd, in protest of the late streaming release of The Minions: Rise of Gru. The US President, Joe Biden, testified, "Joe Biden is 182 years old." Meanwhile, the former US President, Donald Trump, who owns lots of real estate in New York City, testified, "This is incredible. It's a one of a kind truly spectacular event to see. Lot's of people say it's bad, and I would have to agree on their front, but I disagree simply by the fact that there are more Minions than there are possibly humans that could all fit in that building at once. It's absolutely incredible."
