Welcome to Porridge. This is the place where dreams and nightmares coincide. From here and forth, I have decided that every entry of Porridge will take place in a world I call Amala. It is not like our world, however, but it is much similar to the worlds told of by Tolkien, Lewis, and others. Porridge is now a journal of things in this world that I shall document into the future. Hopefully, now that it is summer, you may expect to see more entries in the future like this one. But for now, let me tell you of the legend of The Old Mill by The Meadow, or The Girl and Her Brother.

## The Tale
As the leaves fall, the temperature cools, and thanks are to be given, I'm reminded of how familiar in a mysterious way this time is to me. It is a time for discovering the unknown. It is a time for finding secrets and making new ones.

North, beyond the trees was a meadow. In this meadow, full of leaves of orange and red colors, lied a mill. Here lived the girl and her brother, for years no one may know. The girl wore a red hood over her head, and she possessed a simple quiet and happy personality. Her brother, younger, was rough and rowdy, but lovable, and he stayed loyal to his older sister.

Every year, at this time, the girl and her brother would go to the orchard to pick apples, for this was the time that they were ripest. But beyond the orchard and the meadow, the two had never been, and for the most part, they had never intended to go. However, one day, and I shouldn't tell you how, something came over them. They knew that inside the woods, something was waiting for them. It made it thrilling to think that as well, something might wait for them to leave it alone.

So, that day, the girl and her brother went into the woods. At first, it seemed a bad idea. After all, it was dark and lonely, and certainly uninteresting to the both of them. However, the girl decided to close her eyes. Some small number of seconds later, she opened them. She saw in front of her a light, which she had not seen before.

Slowly, the birds in the trees began to sing, and the woods became less and less dark. Her brother closed his eyes following this. When he opened them, he observed similar. The true colors and beauty of these latter months were beginning to show, as the leaves proudly presented their warm hues, falling to the ground.

Through this, over time, their journey became more enjoyable. Although they passed lots of paths that promised that they would provide the reward that they had hoped for, the girl and her brother knew that the path that they were on now must have been the correct path.

And this was all true when they did reach the end, for in front of them, stood a village, with houses, and people inside and outside. A man came and greeted the girl and her brother, and he took them around the village.

He showed them the town square, the most busy part of the village, which at that time presented villagers going through and throughout the square. He showed them the town hall, which was the place where decisions for the village were made. It must've been the oldest building there, for how important the villagers saw it. And of course, he showed them the many houses and other building that surrounded the square. This village, to all these people, was home, and they would do anything to keep it.

So, when a monster came, who pledged to destroy the town came, all, including the girl and her brother, were worried. However it did not stop them from knowing what to do. They both closed their eyes. They breathed. They opened them. Just then, they had eliminated their fear, and soon, the whole town was doing it, And with this, the monster himself became scared. For, he could not do anything without the fear of the village, and he shortly faded out of existence.

After all of this, although the girl and her brother did not stay, they thought it important to come back once every year at this time. And indeed, they kept this promise, for they became regular visitors, and eventually settled in the village to live more interesting and prosperous lives. But they often went back to the old mill by the meadow to pick apples, as they always did, and always would.

I find it quite nice what Autumn has to give, over other seasons of the year. With the fallen leaves, the cool temperatures, and the given thanks, I find in comfort in the hazy familiarity of it all. After all, it is a time of finding secrets, and making new ones.