Happy New Years, everyone! To those reading my blog, you may have noticed a lack of activity from October to now. I want to share some plans for the future of this blog.
## Fake News Thursday
Although it was hard to keep up, I wish to include more FNT content in the future. I plan on having three Thursdays per month on the blog in which I post FNT stuff.
## Porridge
I plan on having one monday per month in which a porridge installment is provided. The particular monday that it will be on will probably be random, but I will try to include interesting stuff that fits the description that I originally gave the series. I am actually working on a short story called "Tea Olive" right now and I hope for it to become an installment of porridge. However in the meantime, enjoy things like weird monsters and creatures to linguistics and more.
## New Project
I am working on an episodic book series of sorts right now. I have always liked the idea of making a full multi-seasonal animated television show; however those take time, and my idea was that I would do everything entirely on my own, which is basically impossible. So instead, I thought, "why don't I create a show but it's a book?" In otherwords, I am essentially working on a pseudo-scifi novel in more of an episodic fassion similar to that of an animated series. I don't know when I will be finished with the first book, if I will create more than one book, and numerous other little details as I have only recently started working on it. Almost certainly, at some point, I will be rewriting major portions of the story in order to make them flow better, so I have devised a plan for a workflow which may help me to get it done quickly and not have to rewrite the entirety of it if there is one small inconsistency.

Step 1: Create a vague sense of what will happen. In this case, I have written short descriptions of how each episode will start out. The important thing was to make sure that I only wrote the problem and not the solution.

Step 2: Work on character development. I am working on this part before the rest of the major plot, as I want a lot of the plot to center around the development of the main characters in the story.

Step 3: Create outlines for the major events and points of each story. This will help to flesh out the ideas of each episode, and will hopefully provide a clear idea of the start and end of each episode as well.

Step 4: Write drafts for each episode. This one is pretty self-explanatory.

Step 5: Improve the story until it meets my internal guidelines and until it is good. This one is also pretty self-explanatory.

Right now, I am only in the middle of Step 2, so you can probably guess that it will be a relatively long time before I release the project officially. However, I will try to be diligent enough to work on it, and hopefully I can finish it this year. And of course, by finishing it this year, I mean book one in particular. If I end up wanting to write multiple books worth, then I will probably have to take a lot more time than that. Until then, please wait for this project, and hopefully it will be done in due time and ready to be shown to you all. Also, sorry for taking so much space for this project announcement; however, I thought it was necessary as this is more of a big announcement.
## Conclusion
Once again, happy New Year! Have a good start to this year, and please do stay tuned for more.
