Here, I will announce the Annual Autumn Short Story Contest of fanfavoritessofar.com. The idea is to write something about or related to autumn, for autumn. You can write your short story anytime you wish, as long as you submit it anytime from August 1st to August 31st. If people have submitted anything, then September 13th will be the day that the winners are announced. Here are the rules:

1. The story must be sent in a PDF file
2. The story must use a size 12 serif font
3. The story must be no more than 10 pages of total length
4. The story must be about or related to autumn in some prevalent way
5. The story must contain nothing that could be deemed 'inappropriate'

Some of these rules, particularly 1 through 3, can be broken in minor ways if so desired or by accident, whereas others should not be broken if you wish to see your story counted in the contest. As mentioned previously, on September 13th, the winners will be announced, and in the following days, the stories of the top 3 will be shared on the blog.

If you wish to submit, the window of time to do so is from August 1st to August 31st. Please send your story in PDF form to tommyteam320@gmail.com. It would be preferable if your story is written in MLA format; however, it is fine if you do not know what MLA is or if you aren't able to research or understand it. Here is the wikipedia page for the </a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_Language_Association">Modern Language Association</a>. It would also be useful to provide the name of the author(s) in order to properly credit the people involved when publishing the winning stories on my blog.

I would like to do this every year, so if you're one of the few reading this, then please do not hesitate to participate if you so desire.

Have a good day.
