That's right, it's back! 6 new headlines for your entertainment only.

## South Atlantic Treaty Organization formed, says president Joe Biden
The president made a surprise appearance today at the first press conference of the Pig Union Court, revealing the existence of the South Atlantic Treaty Organization. "I fought in the civil war about 182 years ago in 1976 for Jewish rights," says president Biden. "When we created NATO in the first century, we wanted America to be free, and that's what we're doing with SATO." Although VP Kamala Harris has tried to dumb down these statements, former president Donald Trump claims that it "would be a tremendous expedition," which we couldn't agree with more. "100 a million, I'm sorry, 1 billion Americans in America," Joe Biden further comments.

## Spotify CEO Ayehateyu Somuche arrested after taking hostages
Last night it was found that the CFO of Spotify, Barrymore Barrison, was taken hostage by the CEO of Spotify, Ayehateyu Somuche, and had been locked in the basement for nearly [REDACTED] months with little food or drink. Mr. Somuche was also found guilty of committing bank fraud recently, and was forced to pay a multi million dollar fee to the Lost Angelest Local Bank Untrust, putting him in a relatively inconvenient financial situation at the time of his attempted arrest. When asked if he wanted to wait to be arrested for the hostage charges, Mr. Somuche requested an 8 day waiting period. As such, he is to be arrested for the aforementioned charges in 8 days.

## Farmer Joe mistaken for lamp pole
Recently a man was walking past Farmer Joe when he mistook Mr. Joe for a lamp pole. "I walked into a lamp pole," the man claimed. "And then, I noticed that it wasn't a lamp pole. It was Farmer Joe." When asked why he walked into the lamp pole, the man stated, "Well, on Tock Tock, there's this challenge called the lamp pole challenge, where you walk into a lamp pole but then realize that it wasn't a lamp pole at all. It was Farmer Joe." To be fair, Farmer Joe does look like a lamp pole, and it was indeed later confirmed by the man that Mr. Joe had been standing in the place of a missing lamp pole for multiple hours at this point doing absolutely nothing.

## Pig Union expands area
The Pig Union recently expanded to the surrounding area of Windy Castle. This change was described in part 33 of the multi-page document known as the Pig Treatus, which comprises of many different rules and definitions for how the Pig family believes that the union should run. Danny Dog made comments on Twitter following the release of this document, stating his concerns for the implications of it. It was recently found out that in fact, he objects to this union. The Pig family recently held a press conference on the 3rd of February to discuss the treatus, and when asked about Danny Dog's comments, Grandfather Pig responded, "Shut up you idiots, questions are saved for the end of your life!"

## Dora the Explorer escapes prison while awaiting trial
We all know that Dora the Explorer has been awaiting trial for around half a year now, relating to the charges regarding her work with the cartel, Dora's Explorahs. However, it was recently discovered that she had escaped prison when the guards weren't looking. "It wasn't necessarily our faults," the guards claim. "We thought she was dumb enough to not notice whenever we accidentally left her cell door open," they explain. Police are still on the hunt for Dora, and currently believe that she is hiding out in Antarctica.

## Josiah haisoJ claims he's created "new kind of backwards"
Josiah haisoJ has recently stated that he's created a "new kind of backwards." When we interviewed him about what this meant, he elaborated, "It's simplelpmis s'tI. You take a sentence, and add the reversed version to the endne eht ot noisrev desrever eht dda dna ,ecnetnes a ekat uoY." haisoJ has already created a thriving facebookoobecaf groupuorg and we have evah ew dna groupuorg facebookoobecaf gnivirht a detaerc ydaerla sah Josiah.
